Q:: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A:: When we initialize a repository, git create a folder with basic setup files. By checking git status we can get to know current status of a repository if it is initialized by git. We initialized a git repo so that we can track changes of files in that folder and its sub-folders.

Q:: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
A:: Staging area is like filtered output which is ready to be committed. I can verify changes in the file before committing them.
Working directory serves as the playground where I can make changes to various files and then subsequently choose from them whether to add them to staging area for commit or split them between one or more commits or discard the changes.
I can filter out what to commit at a time and make logical commits to the repository.

Q:: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
A:: I can check for difference between my last commit and staged changes and can verify that I have only a logical change in the staging area.

Q:: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
A:: Branches can help in extending the repository with a new feature or some experimental add-ons which are not needed in the original project. This way I could work on a branch different from the master to make such experiments and decide what to do with them later on without affecting the current project line.

Q:: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
A:: I can see the branches of my repository and how they are interlinked and at what point of state. A really great tool to visualize current structure of my repository.

Q:: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
A:: Merging two branches together put them in current state with all the past commits lined up in accordance with their timestamp. Commit log in a graph format shows when a particular branch was diverged from the master and when it merged back into the master. It also shows in between commits of master and diverged branches.

Q:: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
A:: Git's automatic merging takes the burden off of what to merge and what not. It does halt however whenever there are conflicts while automatic merging. In such case manual merging comes in place where the author of the files under conflict can decide what goes in and what does not.
